feat(test-runner): add httpCache config option (#41687)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-api/class-testconfig.md

serves from disk, so there is nothing to optimize. The cache targets remote origins.

**What is cached by default**

With no `match`, the cache stores only **shared static assets**: successful `GET` requests
the browser makes for a static subresource — a script, stylesheet, image, font, or media
element — as reported by the request's `Sec-Fetch-Dest` metadata. These bytes do not depend
on who is signed in, so replaying them into a fresh browser context is always safe, which
keeps tests that each create their own context isolated by construction.

The following are therefore **not** cached by default:

* `fetch`/`XMLHttpRequest` (API) requests and top-level documents — their request
  destination is not a static subresource. This is the dynamic, per-user surface.
* Any response marked `Cache-Control: no-store`.
* Any response carrying a personalization signal: `Cache-Control: private`, a `Set-Cookie`
  header, or `Vary: Cookie`/`Vary: Authorization`.

The `Authorization` and `Cookie` request headers are deliberately ignored when deciding
what to cache. On a gated staging environment these are a shared environment credential

> attached to every request, not a per-user identity, so caching on their presence would be

Reviewer: `so caching on their presence would be wrong.` does not mean to me "we are still caching when these headers are present".

wrong.

Freshness directives (`max-age`, `no-cache`, `Expires`) are ignored: once a response is
recorded it is replayed until `dir` is deleted, keeping runs deterministic. `Vary` is
honored — responses are keyed by the request-header values they vary on, and `Vary: *` is
never stored.

**Customizing with `match`**

A string or [RegExp] restricts caching to requests whose URL matches; other requests pass
straight through to the network. For full control, pass a callback that returns a decision
object per request:

* `disposition` — `'cache'` force-stores the response and serves it back, `'no-cache'`

>   bypasses the cache entirely, and `'default'` (or an empty object) applies the rules above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  bypasses the cache entirely, and `'default'` (or undefined) applies the rules above.
```

* `identity` — a stable principal id (such as a session token) that partitions the cache.
  Entries recorded under one identity are never served to a request with a different one,
  so per-user content can be cached without leaking across contexts. The value is hashed
  into the cache key and never written to disk.

Set `proxy` to fetch cache misses through an upstream proxy — for example, to reach a
staging environment that is only accessible behind one. Browsers connect to the caching
proxy, which chains to `proxy` for anything not served from disk.

**Usage**

Cache shared static assets from a staging server with zero configuration:

```js title="playwright.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from '@playwright/test';

export default defineConfig({

>   httpCache: { dir: './.network-cache' },

Reviewer: Do we want this to work with `test-results/network-cache` for the dev environment? If not, perhaps this should be `process.env.CI`-gated?

});
```

Fetch cache misses through an upstream proxy:

```js title="playwright.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from '@playwright/test';

export default defineConfig({
  httpCache: { dir: './.network-cache', proxy: { server: 'http://myproxy.com:3128' } },
});
```

Take control per request — force-cache a per-user API response with session isolation, and
bypass the cache for others:

```js title="playwright.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from '@playwright/test';

export default defineConfig({
  httpCache: {
    dir: './.network-cache',
    match: request => {
      if (request.url.includes('/api/config'))
        return { disposition: 'cache', identity: request.headers.get('authorization') };

>       if (request.url.includes('/telemetry'))

Reviewer: Telemetry is usually a POST, so not cached anyway. Perhaps use `/status` or something like that to mean "some fresh resource"?

:::

## property: TestConfig.httpCache
* since: v1.62
- type: ?<[Object]>
  - `dir` <[string]> Directory to store and replay the cache. Resolved relative to the configuration file.

>   - `match` ?<[string]|[RegExp]> Glob pattern or regular expression matched against the request URL to decide which requests are cached. When omitted, all requests are cached.

Reviewer: Probably should be an array for better flexibility.
